feat(iam): add resource identity user token (#4237)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/identity_user_token.md

---
subcategory: "Identity and Access Management (IAM)"
---

# huaweicloud_identity_user_token

Manages an IAM user token resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "domain_name" {}
variable "user_name" {}
variable "password" {}

resource "huaweicloud_identity_user_token" "test" {
  domain_name = var.domain_name
  user_name   = var.user_name
  password    = var.password
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domain_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the domain name to which the IAM user belongs.
  Changing this will create a new token.

* `user_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the IAM user name. Changing this will create a new token.

* `password` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the IAM user password. Changing this will create a new token.

* `project_name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the project name. If it is blank, the token applies to global

>   services, else the token applies to project-level services. Changing this will create a new token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  services, otherwise the token applies to project-level services. Changing this will create a new token.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Resource ID in format `<domain_name>/<user_name>`.

* `token` - The token. Validity period is 24 hours.

> * `expires_at` - The time when token expires. The time format complies with UTC.

Reviewer: please refer to the API docs.
```suggestion
* `expires_at` - The Time when the token will expire. The value is a UTC time in the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssssZ format.
```
